# torjail
a more secure way to force programs to exclusively use tor network

### WARNING
torjail is under development, use at your own risk.
if you find a bug, please create an [issue](https://github.com/lesion/torjail/issues)

### why?
we've tried to deanonimize a program executed in torsocks environemnt and that was not so difficult, as torsocks use LD_PRELOAD so you only need to statically compile your stuff.
as [whonix](https://www.whonix.org/) is sometimes too much, the idea is to experiment with [linux namespaces](http://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man7/namespaces.7.html) and learn by doing something usefull (at least for us).

### requirements
- a linux kernel supporting namespaces (you have it since 2008)
- tor installed

### how it works
it creates a separated network namespace (using `ip netns`) with its own network
interface and a link to the host interface with some iptables rules (on host)
that force traffic generated from inside torjail to only exit via tor (including dns).  
inside torjail you'll be in another pid namespace (this way you cannot switch
namespace), and another mount namespace (we use this to show a different /etc/resolv.conf).  
if you find a way to deanonimize a program running inside torjail (also a shell with root privileges) would be nice to [share it with us](https://github.com/lesion/torjail/issues)

### additional info
- `torjail` needs root permission to run
- `torjail` runs your program as your user
- `torjail` will launch a tor instance with a default configuration (but you can specify your own instance with `-t`)
- other questions?


### usage examples: 
 
- the help menu:
`torjail -h`
```
Usage: torjail <options> [command <arguments>...]
Options:
    -h, --help         It shows this menu.
    -u, --user <user>  Execute the command with this user permission. By default 'les'.
    -n, --name <name>  Set a custom namespace name. By default 'torjail'.
    -v, --verbose      Verbose mode.
    -k, --keep         Don't delete namespace and don't kill tor after the execution.
    -s, --shell        Execute a shell.
    -t, --tor-exec     Executes a tor instance with .torrc.example configuration. Disabled by default.
    -r, --routing <ip_host> <ip_ns> <netmask>
                       Set custom IPs. By default 10.200.1.1/10.200.1.2/24.
```

- an example to see what are we talking about:
```
$ sudo torjail ifconfig
out-torjail: flags=4163<UP,BROADCAST,RUNNING,MULTICAST>  mtu 1500
        inet 10.200.1.2  netmask 255.255.255.0  broadcast 0.0.0.0
        inet6 fe80::6439:afff:febc:c9b5  prefixlen 64  scopeid 0x20<link>
        ether 66:39:af:bc:c9:b5  txqueuelen 1000  (Ethernet)
        RX packets 6847  bytes 7488116 (7.1 MiB)
        RX errors 0  dropped 0  overruns 0  frame 0
        TX packets 6809  bytes 915088 (893.6 KiB)
        TX errors 0  dropped 0 overruns 0  carrier 0  collisions 0
```

- get an homepage content via tor, executing curl
`sudo torjail curl autistici.org > autistici.org `

- same as before with another user
`sudo torjail -u another_user curl autistici.org`

- resolve a onion address:
`sudo torjail dig wi7qkxyrdpu5cmvr.onion`

- get an onion webserver content via tor:
`sudo torjail curl wi7qkxyrdpu5cmvr.onion`

- open a firefox that could reach internet via tor only:
`sudo torjail firefox -P /tmp/tmpprofile`
> warning: firefox has a flag that block .onion resolution by default -> change it using about:config network.dns.blockDotOnion

- get a shell that could not reach internet (only via tor)
`sudo torjail -s`

- custom network configuration:
`sudo torjail -r 10.10.1.1 10.10.1.2 24 ls`

- create a namespace called $NS in verbose mode:
`sudo torjail -n $NS -v ls`

- keep the namespace after exit so we can start another program in same ns 
`./torjail -k ls`

> in order to support the correct name resolution, /etc/resolv.conf is mounted to a temporary file inside the namespace, generated by torjail.
